[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey there,
Polycasters, Rob here.
Welcome back to "Ask
Polymer," the show where
you send in your
hashtag questions,
and we do our best
to answer them.
OK, our first
question today comes
from Marco, who asks, what
about internationalization?
Do I have to use an external
JavaScript framework,
or is there some specific
Polymer solution for that?
So that's a really
good question and one
that I get all the time.
Right now we have
an element that will
help with internationalization.
You can check it out over here.
It is called i18n Message.
It was actually written
by Eric Bidelman, one
of our team members, and
used on a few of our sites.
And basically, the way it
works is you take your text.
You wrap the i18 Message
tag around your text.
And then you give
it a message ID,
which is synced up
with a JSON file
that loads different
language packs.
So that is one solution
that you can use
for internationalization today.
It's not the bulletproof perfect
solution for all scenarios,
but it is something
to get you started.
And we're also currently
working on a new set of elements
called Carbon Elements.
And our hope is that
for those element sets,
we'll be rolling out some
internationalization solutions
as well.
So thank you for that
awesome question, Marco.
All right, our
next question comes
from Sher, who asks, with
the emphasis on mobile,
can ripple and other animations
be turned off for 3G,
and does that matter?
So that's a really
cool question.
For something like the
paper ripple animation,
you actually can turn
that off on your elements.
You just add a No Ink attribute
to the element itself.
It will disable the ripple.
So for instance, if you
add that to Paper Button,
it'll turn it off.
Now for something like
mobile, what you can do
is you can use an
iron media query
to set up a handler to
check the screen size.
And if it's a
smaller screen, you
can then remove that attribute.
Perhaps if it's a larger
screen, you could add it back.
So that way you could
it have on desktop,
maybe take it away for mobile to
get kind of maximum performance
there.
As always, you want to be
measuring your performance.
If something does seem
like a bottleneck,
then, yeah, use a strategy
to try and remove it.
So thank you, Sher, for that
really awesome question.
All right.
Our next question
comes from Mark,
who asks, how do you generate
documentation for elements,
and how do you
document packages?
So to document an element,
what I typically do
is I start with this thing
called the Seed Element
Project.
You can check that out
over here on GitHub.
And what that's going to do
is give you a boilerplate
element as well as,
in the index file,
this thing called
Iron Component Pages.
And Iron Component
Pages is going
to read all the comments
in your element itself
and generate
documentation for you.
Now there's special annotations
that you have to use.
And you can check
out the style guide
over here, which explains
the different annotations.
But if you basically
work with that project
as your starting point
for your new elements,
then you're going to get
documentation basically
for free.
It's a pretty cool set up.
So definitely check
Seed Element and see
if that meets your needs.
So thank you, Mark for sending
in that really cool question.
OK.
Our next question
comes from Nicholas,
who asks, how do you use CSS
Mixins with media queries?
So that is an
interesting question.
Right now with the current
limitations of the style
shimming system,
in a media query
you can consume variables.
However, you can't set new
variables or custom properties.
So what you can do is
use an Iron Media Query
element to check the
different screen sizes.
And when it's a
smaller screen size,
you can call Polymer's
Update Styles Method
and actually pass in
new properties that way.
There's actually a
GitHub issue which
discusses this and
shows an example of how
you can work around it.
So you can check
that out over here.
And for working with
Mixins, what I can do
is I can throw together
a little JS bin,
and add that to the
show description.
So you can see how that
works there as well.
So thank you,
Nicholas, for sending
in that awesome question.
OK, our last question comes
from Jonathan, who asks,
could you talk a little
bit about the difference
between paper-listbox
versus paper-menu?
So, yeah, first of all, way to
have an eagle eye, Jonathan.
And I don't even think
paper-listbox is in our catalog
yet.
It is up on GitHub, so
you're totally on the ball.
The way that I understand
things is paper-listbox
is kind of like
the select element
when you add a multi
attribute to it.
So you get multiple things
that you can choose from.
Perhaps you want to even
choose like one or two items
at the same time.
However, the paper-menu
is sort of more
like a traditional
drop-down menu.
So that would be the
difference between those two.
Again, thank you
so much for sending
in that question, Jonathan.
So that's it for today.
Thank you everyone who sent
in those awesome questions.
If you yourself
have a question, you
can ping us on a social
network of your choosing
at #AskPolymer, or leave it for
us down below in the comments.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]